Insights:
1. based on the medium we can say that DOE and SENP makes maximum calls.

2. now between DOE and SENP, DOE channel makes the maximum calls as compared to the SENP channel.

3. customers providing the property values and types are more likely to get the loan as it can be said that the property can be kept as a gurantee by the loan provider for their new loan.

4. customers not providing their bt bank details barely affects from their loan not getting sanctioned.

5. from the tenure list we can also say that those customers having a tenure of either 5 or 1 are have more chances of getting the loan.

6. Though its less we can say that about 3.34% of the calls made ended up with AUTODISPOSE.	

7. From the following graph we can see that the max number of calls were made around 2 in the afternoon with a count of 1902 calls.

8. all calls fall under the PAM group which shows that its focused operational effort.

9. from the total number of calls we can also conclude that from these calls around 10.13% calls ended up successfully as SALE_DONE.

10. from the high disconnect rate the data suggests that there are potential quality or engagement issue from the begining of the call.

11. from the number of call backs we can suggest that those calls ended up fruitful and the customer made a call back for possible more info or possible loan transfer.

12. from the peak call hour graph we can aslo say that from morning 10 am to afternoon 2 pm most of calls happen that is this is peak time when maximum of the customers are ok with having a conversation with the agent.

13. looking at each of the channels, call made through e DOE is the primary focus area but smaller segments like SENP and CIBIWATCH may need more specialized strategies to increase their numbers.

14. only 183 out of 10,000 calls had appointment time recorded which indicates 1.83% scheduling capture, which can hinder follow-ups or conversion tracking.

15. out of 10,000 calls only 22.92% of the calls were closed by the agents, the rest 77.08% remains unclosed, indicating possible gaps in the closure discipline.
